Fixed typo in docs/topics/auth/default.txt. (#17767)
django/django: docs/topics/auth/default.txt

      Defaults to :setting:`settings.LOGIN_URL <LOGIN_URL>` if not supplied.

    * ``redirect_field_name``: The name of a ``GET`` field containing the

>       URL to redirect to after login. Overrides ``next`` if the given

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      URL to redirect to after log in. Overrides ``next`` if the given
```
